This build comes with a starter template.
What we want to acheive here is to trigger an action uopn the press of a button.
When a button is pressed down, there's a corresponding sound reaction plus a css action on the button.
To build this, we go into the HTML file and inside the script tags write our JS code.

First we write a simple script to test the action on the entire window.
window.addEventListener('keydown', function(e){
 console.log(e)
});
What the above script is saying is that whenever you trigger a keyboard action, it
will log to the console the object attr of the key you just hit. This is a callback function on the window object

Next we have to check that each audio file is selected per key by triggering the query selector for each key.
We update the previous code snippet to replect this:
const audio = document.querySelector(`audio[data-key="${e.keyCode}"]`);
console.log(audio);
When a key is triggered now, it will log the corresponding audio file to the console

What we then do next is to ensure that when a key is clicked the corresponding audio file is triggered.
Updating the previous code, we then have
if(!audio) return;
audio.play();
If !audio returns false, don't do anything
The play() is a Javascript object
If you hit a key in succesion at this stage it doesn't replay

To fix the replay we add this line:
audio.currentTime() = 0;

To trigger the key action button, we have to check that they .key class is being associated with each key via the console
const key = document.querySelector(`.key[data-key"${e.keyCode}"]`);
....
console.log(key);

We add this line to trigger the .playing class. Recall we are using VanillaJS
key.classList('playing');

N.B: Click events are used to trigger actions. Event like add click remove transitionend

Adding this line.
const key = document.querySelectorAll('.key');
causes the css class key to called on all keys

To remove transition on each key:
keys.forEach(key => key.addEventListener('transitionend', removeTransition));

Put the playSoun function in its own codeblock and move the windows event listener to the end of the page.

In this build we learned:
Key events
playing audio
transition addEventListener
Animation events
